Support empty array fields for `toArray(T[] a)` arguments (#1319)
eisop/checker-framework: docs/CHANGELOG.md

The `instanceof.unsafe` and `instanceof.pattern.unsafe` warnings in the Checker Framework are now controlled by lint options.
They are enabled by default and can be disabled using `-Alint=-instanceof.unsafe` or `-Alint=-instanceof`.

> The Nullness Checker now recognizes references to private, final, zero-length field arrays in calls to `Collection.toArray(T[])`, allowing the return value to be refined to `@NonNull`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Nullness Checker now recognizes references to private, final fields with zero-length arrays as initializers in calls to `Collection.toArray(T[])`, allowing the returned component type to be refined to `@NonNull`.

```
